Karina/wmdp 33 linter typechecker (#6)
navapbc/template-application-nextjs: app/README.md

> 

Reviewer: Can you add a statement across the top indicating that this README has been modified from the auto-generated one?

> 

Reviewer: Let's also document all the choices we've made and the reasoning behind them in this file.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Local Linter and Typechecker Setup

> For linting, this application is leveraging `eslint`, `prettier` and nava's internal [eslint-config-nava](https://github.com/navapbc/eslint-config-nava). Although, it is still recommended that we tell our code editor to auto-fix eslint and prettier errors on save. In VSCode, do so by creating a `.vscode/settings.json` file with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For linting, this application is leveraging `eslint`, `prettier` and Nava's [eslint-config-nava](https://github.com/navapbc/eslint-config-nava). Although, these will be run on CI and prior to commit, it is still recommended that we tell our code editor to auto-fix eslint and prettier errors on save. 

In VSCode, do so by creating a `.vscode/settings.json` file with:
```

```
{
  "editor.codeActionsOnSave": {
    "source.fixAll.eslint": true
  },
  "editor.formatOnSave": true,
  "editor.defaultFormatter": "esbenp.prettier-vscode"
}
```

> For typechecking, this application is leveraging Next.js' [incremental typechecking](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/typescript#incremental-type-checking). NextJS will run type checking as a part of `next build`--  Although it is still recommended that we set up type checking using our code editor for development. In VSCode, do so by adding the following to your `.vscode/settings.json` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For typechecking, this application is leveraging Next.js' [incremental typechecking](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/typescript#incremental-type-checking). NextJS will run type checking as a part of `next build`--  Although this will run on CI and prior to commit, it is still recommended that we set up type checking using our code editor for development. 

In VSCode, do so by adding the following to your `.vscode/settings.json` file
```
